Hi Jonas, hi Julien, following the call with Jonas here we send all the logs file we usually collect from our different hardware platform.

Explanation of what you find inside for each log category.

DINGHY:
It’s our gps transmitter which can record data locally of speed and Inertial platform status (pitch and roll), or transmit them via mobile and make them available to the user at any time. Those data can be playback form our iOS application.
the log contains date time stamp, id of the user, cog sog pitch and roll data.

COACH.
This is the data collected by our weather system placed on the coach boats. It is made by wind sensor gps and speed sensor and compass so we can calculate twd, tws awa aws tide in real time. 
Those data are recordable by the iOS app that the coach uses like a dashboard during training.
Those data can also be merged like Jonas saw in the demo with dinghy’s data so for instance the user of a dinghy can see his data and the condition of the wind and tide or compare is data to others dinghy user.

In the folder you have 2 files, one is the complete data, the “charts” one is made explicit for doing charts, its’ deeply filtered to have a nice shape on the app, like you do with gps filtering etc.

ESA REGATTA
This is our sailing software, it records the data coming from a multiplexer (our GAMP) that stream the data of the instrumentation (like you try to do with the anemomind box).
This data can be recorded to be further analyzed on our local offline software that is esa data polar analyzer that is a macro over excel. 
This sw allows to reconstruct performances during the log and to see polar navigation data. similar to your anemolab in a more “analog” old style way.
See picture: they show:
- all log file with route and overlay on maps and data 
-start page plus the boys
- performance and polar analysis

Log in the folder are:
log1Hz20170708_1239 its the one with all recordings
polar20170708_1244 this is only related to polar comparison (the one you call vpp)
polarESA20170708_1244.ESA this is the REAL polar recorded of the boat
StartProc20170708_1239 is all data recorded during starting procedure which is often important to be analyzed.

D7

this is our chartplotter, it could send via hotspot like it does now the log to a certain email or can save data on the microsd

Log in the folder are:

20170422_1417 this is all data coming from instrumentation like esa regatta
esa polar and polar are similar to esa regatta


GAMP and Esa Instruments (nmea boxes)


This are record from nmea boxes connected to instrumentation or directly to the sensor. this record are available on micro sd.



Best Regards and hope to hear you soon.
